Add instructions for removing a vault from iCloud Drive (#420)
obsidianmd/obsidian-help: en/Obsidian Sync/Obsidian Sync and third-party services.md

> > 1. Quit the Obsidian app.  
> > 2. Navigate to iCloud Drive → Obsidian in Finder  
> > 3. Drag the vault folder to another non-cloud-sync'd location on your file system.  
> > 4. Open the Obsidian app.  
> > 5. If your vault doesn't open immediately, you may have to use the vault picker's "Open folder as vault" feature, then navigate to your vault's new location and open it.  
>   
> > [!INFO]- Move your vault out of iCloud Drive on iOS
> > 1. Make a backup of your vault somewhere (just in case).  
> > 2. On your Obsidian device, create a new, temporary vault, and make sure "Save in iCloud Drive" is **not** enabled. (This is to make sure the app container folder we'll use in the next step exists. You'll delete this fake vault in a moment.)  
> > 3. Force quit the Obsidian app on all iOS devices and quit the app on any desktops. (This is to prevent Sync from doing anything while we move our files.)  
> > 4. On your iOS device, go into the Files app, navigate to iCloud Drive → Obsidian, and long-press on your vault's folder. Select Move, and navigate to On My iPhone → Obsidian. (You should see the fake vault you created in step 2 here.) Press "Copy."  

> > > 5. Once the copying is finished: still in the Files app, navigate back to iCloud Drive → Obsidian. Delete your vault folder there.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> > 7. Once the vault has been copied, while still in the Files app, navigate back to **iCloud Drive** → **Obsidian**, and then delete your vault folder there.  
```

> > > 6. Open the Obsidian app. You should be presented with the vault picker and your vault should now have a vault icon instead of a cloud, indicating it is no longer on iCloud Drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> > 8. Open the Obsidian app. 

In the vault switcher, your vault now has a vault icon instead of a cloud to indicate it's no longer synced to iCloud Drive. 
```
